Update DG (#268)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Command Recommendation and Autocompletion

Autocompletion and command recommendation are crucial features that help to improve the user experience when interacting 

> with an application. By predicting the set of words that the user intends to type based on a preset of words such as 
> in-built commands and field prefixes, the `CommandRecommendationEngine` helps to save users time and effort while 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with our application. By predicting the set of words that the user intends to type based on a preset of words such as 
in-built commands and field prefixes, the `CommandRecommendationEngine` helps to save user's time and effort while 
```

> in-built commands and argument prefixes, the `CommandRecommendationEngine` helps to save users time and effort while 

Author: ```suggestion
in-built commands and field prefixes, the `CommandRecommendationEngine` helps to save users time and effort while 
```

ensuring accuracy.

#### Implementation

To provide autocompletion, the `CommandRecommendationEngine` uses an event handler attached to the `commandTextField` 
which listens for the `TAB` event. When triggered, it autocompletes the user's input by replacing it with the recommended values.

On the other hand, to provide command recommendations, the engine uses the longest prefix matching algorithm. This 
algorithm first **identifies** the related command based on the user's input and then **verifies** the fields 
associated with it. For instance, when the user types "add_e" in the command prompt, the engine will first recommend

> "add_elderly", follow by the related fields. If there are ambiguity in the recommendations, the decision is to return 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"add_elderly", followed by the related fields. If there are ambiguities in the recommendations, the decision is to return 
```
